feat: support client redirect (#1166)
web-infra-dev/rspress: packages/document/docs/en/plugin/official-plugins/client-redirects.mdx

# @rspress/plugin-client-redirects

import { SourceCode, PackageManagerTabs } from 'rspress/theme';

<SourceCode href="https://github.com/web-infra-dev/rspress/tree/main/packages/plugin-client-redirects" />

Used for client redirects.

## Precautions

> For this plugin to work correctly, you need to set the fallback related configuration to the `404.html` page in the build artifacts in the relevant deployment configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that the plugin works correctly, you need to set the fallback path in the server's deployment configuration to the `404.html` page generated by Rspress.
```

# @rspress/plugin-client-redirects

import { SourceCode, PackageManagerTabs } from 'rspress/theme';

<SourceCode href="https://github.com/web-infra-dev/rspress/tree/main/packages/plugin-client-redirects" />

Used for client redirects.

::: warning NOTE

For this plugin to work, you need to set the fallback related configuration to the `404.html` page in the build artifacts in the relevant deployment configuration.

For example:

> ```js title="nginx"

Reviewer: It is not recommended to use code blocks in the warning container, the UI is really ugly 😂

Maybe we can just make it as a section, such as `## Precautions`

![image](https://github.com/web-infra-dev/rspress/assets/7237365/218df643-efc4-4bfc-b62f-75f4de5df1d8)

Author: done
